# Efficient-optimization-of-fracturing-parameters
The manuscript codes of "Effective optimization of fracturing parameters considering fracture propagation and heterogeneity in tight gas reservoirs". This study developed a program based on MATLAB to optimize fracture location and injection volume. In this study, the reservoir numerical simulator used was Eclipse, a commercial reservoir simulator developed by Schlumberger and widely used in the petroleum industry. Users can also use other commonly used reservoir simulators, such as CMG or tNavigator, according to their own habits.

In these files, GALOCA.m and GAVOLUME.m are the main programs for optimizing fracture location and injection volume, respectively. The fitnessLOCA.m and fitnessVOLUME.m are objective function solving programs for fracture location optimization and injection volume optimization, respectively. The writefileLOCA.m and writefileVOLUME.m are programs for calculating and outputting fracture parameters during fracture location optimization and injection volume optimization, respectively. The perm.xlsx and por.xlsx are permeability and porosity files along the horizontal well, respectively. The input_Location.txt is the fracture location file. The scale.txt is the injection volume file. The remaining files are numerical simulation model case files created based on Eclipse.

During use, users first establish a numerical simulation model based on Eclipse (or other reservoir simulators), and then use GALOCA.m and GAVOLUME.m to optimize fracture location and injection volume, respectively.

If you have any questions, please contact me by 798395068@qq.com.Best Hope.
